so ambiguous
interesting I thought I had it locked ok
very hot big thank you to everybody in
the comments to that have put up links
for me on my behalf thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you wanna so
great to see you and good morning my
time anyway good to see you man and good
to meet you mark so I have a question
for man I'm sure some of us would love
to know Samana here's what I've noticed
about you you were really truly
successful at what you do you have a
good number of clients to the point
where you have to turn down lines that's
how popular you are
and yet we see you can continue building
your brand not stopping not developing
constant people so the question is do
you when you're that successful at
making money why do you still need to
promote yourself and you know some
people might not want to know that and
try out do you go around promoting
yourself even more so
and leverages selcan skill your business
doesn't make sense yes it does and I'm
happy to address that yes I am how
successful however I'm not making any
where near the income that I was before
I quit my day job and I'm trying to
replace that you know I'm making more
now most blockade then I was making
being able to say part time but it was
anything but I was working two full-time
jobs for five years and went from seven
to midnight seven days weeks make this
happen god's ok you know it's not easy
so I'm still trying to get back to the
basically the level that are wise at
least with the day job I'm not even
quite they are white further than a wise
with just blogging you know double-digit
but I need you know I still need to get
back to the lifestyle that that I want
to go over that the whole idea was to go
over it because I have the potential to
bring in tens of thousands a month you
know I'm not they are but I have that
potential and i wanna I want to reach my
potential who actually do it's not about
money it's about serving but it's about
volume and that's what you to me
offers me is about buying but the nature
of the business is that I have to change
like black came along but it has
revolutionized my business because it's
a perfect for for me you know I went
over and I'm gonna say that you have the
best periscope tutorial obscene period
or none but periscope it's not a good
fit for me it's a one to many it's a
broadcast engaging with people in lab if
such a perfect fit for me because I'm
here you know I'm gonna write about it
you know I'm gonna do post about how to
use it as a unique course and so now I'm
thinking along those ways but security
performance was not even on my plate two
years ago and it completely took over my
business because it had to help website
owners so in some ways almost have no
choice to keep innovating because the
industry just keep changing and you keep
up with all the time you know something
here today gone tomorrow in keeping on
top of all those platforms cause you
cover a lot of social media to every
minute of every day something's changing
in keeping people informed so I think
it's kind of built into our industry at
this point about the fast pace of the
change and what whatever hot it's a very
opportunistic business when I got into
doing WordPress video thought I'm going
to you know a month making videos that
are just going to have to be replaced
six months eight months from now and now
it's every three month is the ROI there
I had to go to work this year to make
sure was cause we're press is updating
so much faster than it did when I
started out so I read
I actually looked to see if there are 0
I was there in a deal I did the same
thing with lab it's like oh dear god
this is in beta and it's changing
everyday cannot keep up with all else I
have going on very conscious decisions
of I can't afford not to
and that's true though it's a tough
business it requires I don't have kids
you know a little dog I have my life my
schedule is my own and I came so I know
but that's not true of everybody all my
mommy bloggers and people like that men
like they got a family to cure take some
people are doing this part time and
whatever I did it with the job full-time
job where I was on the road you know
it's not like I could even sit look or
have something on in the background with
this it hard and I think that is really
what separates everybody is I make the
time of my life to make it a priority so
there's there's an important things for
people to hear there because one even
though me Anna is successful first of
all the success hasn't come easily she's
put a lot of work in Lake overnight and
I think a lot of people on you to me get
hung up with this idea oh you eat
millions I'm gonna put a course on there
and I'm gonna start making thousands of
dollars jizz but it doesn't there's a
whole lot more work that goes into it
and then on top of another important to
keep in mind here is that you know is
asking me about how come you're working
so hard
marketing how can you keep innovating
you're already sources saying I need to
do to stay successful so it's not like
ok now you created a course in equities
earning some money in now you get to say
i'm john this whole idea income as it
might like you can make sales when
you're not actually the computer when
you're not working it's passive in that
sense but it's not passive in the sense
that you don't have to do any more work
great example yesterday you know have a
show that the day before this when I
heard right in and so on
people about being a woman's right to
see all of my webmaster training right
behind that you know I gave a discount a
nice discount for sale that's actually
coming later on went ahead and gave them
that this can head to fail but for that
play out all the information that I gave
during that black all the work that I
before that you think you did an hour
blabbing you made a $500 or whatever for
your hour of time what about both 76
videos created you know and all the time
that upstream from that together
although although try building that I've
done to have people to come into the lab
in Fiat all that was work to its not
passive now ideas because people will
watch that replay it's a lot easier for
me to promote that they'll watch it and
then that will be passive income at that
point where it starts selling when I'm
not there you know I'm not physically
present so it rolled on its own and
other people tell other people about it
so that's the whole thing is get a
raving tribe without really high-quality
get a raving tribe and they do a lot of
promotion for you I'm still working on
that so much better I started following
you before you ever need money I was
calling you a long time ago and learning
from you a lot of what I do enough still
not there you're way better at it than I
am a lot to learn very kind but let's
say on that subject so you're so you're
saying that one of the way you feel your
business either way is that the
currently working on or are thinking of
working on that will help you you know
just create that expansion of your
business you don't have to do which is
very time consuming for real money and
there's only that much again charged
well on how much how much value people
perceive in those
professional speaking up more gigs you
know offered to me from like a major
conferences in Vegas in April you know
kind of thing from just doing blames
getting out there in being present
people for a while so my nose which
talks about any get $5,000 speaking gigs
from just being a black lab if you use
it well but to answer your question is
about a sales funnel and Mark Timberlake
wasn't here in a min here right this
second but you know me to choose you a
little bit about how to make that course
into next courses but Mark Timberlake
had a wonderful group or community over
on G Plus mark helping out here it's
video educators and entrepreneurs thank
you I call OBE here so thank you it's a
wonderful thing and he's always target
and he's got courses out that are free
and paid and whatever enough taken them
too and it's it's all about that sales
final so that's what I'm setting up now
that I've kind of stable on small purse
cuz I was all over the place offering
everything for a while if I can't cover
all that anymore I'm really need to
focus on getting this sales funnel that
walk people through I'm about to redo my
start here page for that reason and
literally let people feel for what where
they are beginner all the way up to
really serious mega people and let them
for white where they are in their
process and pick up offers from their
mom resources and offers from there but
you the same way and Mark timber white
teachers this straight out about your
introductory funnel top of stuff and
then have your higher price things like
you're alive group things are 101 let
that be a sales funnel into it and so
that's pretty much what I have always
done with my video tutorials because
they're the generic things and people
walk into that and then I won't 101
training now and now want a whole site
revamp and then I want some custom
something rather
and they come in at $1 labeled 1500
natural salesman at all I'm from people
commit $1 emotional come in a dollar and
labor they go to $10 27 or 97 in that
may be where they stopped a lot of
people who follow me follow me for an
entire year before they hire me I've
heard that for the last six years so
everything I'm doing today is my income
or probably follow right now this is
probably my income from its summer